_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

add profile info and picture

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
Student of Computing Engineering and M.Sc. Student in Computer Science at [Computer Science Department (DCC)](https://www.dcc.uchile.cl/dcc), [Universidad of Chile](https://www.uchile.cl/), Santiago.

My research interests include software engineering, quality assurance and testing of embedded systems for space applications.

Since 2020, I am a M.Sc. student at University of Chile working with Alexandre Bergel on the study of the systematic application of fuzz testing techniques in the [SUCHAI flight software](https://gitlab.com/spel-uchile/suchai-flight-software). Also, I continue working as a developer and researcher at [SPEL](https://spel.cl/) in the current missions of the SUCHAI nanosatellite program: PlantSat, SUCHAI II and SUCHAI III.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
